DEVX-1676: Add link to JMX monitoring stacks from cp-demo docs (#215)
confluentinc/cp-demo: docs/index.rst

      :alt: image

==========
Monitoring
==========

This tutorial has demonstrated how |c3| helps users manage their |cp| deployment and how it provides monitoring capabilities for the cluster and applications.

> Many |cp| users do not need more extensive integrations and can go into production with |c3|, but if needed, |cp| can integrate with any number of monitoring solutions like Prometheus, Grafana, Datadog, and Splunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most |cp| users the |c3| monitoring and integrations are sufficent for production usage; however, some users wish to integrate with other monitoring solutions like Prometheus, Grafana, Datadog, and Splunk.
```

> These JMX-based monitoring stacks allow users to setup monitoring across multiple parts of their organization, many outside of Kafka, and to have a single pane of glass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following JMX-based monitoring stacks help users setup a 'single pane of glass' monitoring solution for all their organization's services and applications, including Kafka.
```
